Add Folder info for UI (#531)
Roblox/creator-docs: content/en-us/ui/layout-and-appearance.md

3. Press **Enter**.

### Folders

> Each `Class.Folder` in your UI hierarchy can define its own `Class.UILayout` (List, Grid, Page, Table) or use the default Position-based layout. For example, you could have a `Class.GuiObject` with multiple `Class.Folder` children, each with a different `Class.UILayout` type.
> Additionally, `Class.Folder` contents are exempted from the effects of a `Class.UILayout` sibling.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each `Class.Folder` in your UI hierarchy can define its own `Class.UILayout` (`Class.UIListLayout`, `Class.UIGridLayout`, `Class.UIPageLayout`, `Class.UITableLayout`), or use a default position-based layout. For example, you can implement a `Class.GuiObject` with multiple `Class.Folder` children, each with a different `Class.UILayout` type.

Additionally, `Class.Folder` contents are exempt from the effects of a `Class.UILayout` sibling.

```
